Whether you’re naturally big-boned, have an under active thyroid, or experience a little self-induced largeness due to the fact you enjoy consuming several meat pieces at once. Just because you’re plus size, you shouldn’t be exempted from looking like a star. There are plenty of on-trend options out there for plus-size men. You just have to know how to work them. Style is an important factor that everyone has to work on. No one is born stylish or dapper, they make themselves to be called stylish by reading a lot of things and experimenting a lot to know their style. Even you have to do the same to look dapper. Just read out this article and change your style.

 

Find your perfect fit:

Don’t be tempted to hide your frame under baggy, ill-fitted clothes- they’ll only add bulk, draw attention to your size, and make you look pretty sloppy. On the other hand, the clothing that is too tight will accentuate those pesky problem areas. Instead, find your perfect fit in tailored garments that rest lightly on your body, without hugging every curve. A smooth clean line, through your outfit, makes you look solid, instead of fat. Don’t listen to anyone who tells you that you need to dress skinnier. Wearing small sizes will make you look like a stuffed sausage.

 

Wear light fabrics:

There are two reasons to steer thick and heavy fabrics:

They accentuate your size making you look bulky.
Heavier fabrics can add frames to your already large frame.
Heavier fabrics tend to trap heat and cause excessive sweating. Avoid these issues by selecting smooth, light fabrics that will give a slimmer effect and drape your body in clean lines. Minimalism is essential for a man with a large frame. You should also remember that your fabric shouldn’t be too tight nor too close. Too tight will make you look plumper and too light fabric will expose your lumps and fats. Get the correct fabric that fits you well.

 

Go for the simple, solid neutrals:

Bigger frames already command attention, so solid neutrals are larger men’s fashion friends. That doesn’t mean you have to live in the wardrobe of black- chocolate browns, olive greens, charcoal greys, and deep navy blues can all provide that magic slimming effect.

Compliment your shape by using solid patterns, lightly striped shirts, paisleys, or even repeated crests.
Avoid heavy or horizontal patterns, as that will draw attention towards your stomach area. Go for the vertical stripes, as much as possible.5 style secrets for plus size men
 

Swap your accessories:

Next time, when you’re going shopping keep all these tips in mind;

Swap belts for suspenders: Belts tend to slip right off the tapered shape of your round stomach. Whereas, suspenders are a better alternative because they let the trouser front fall in a smooth line instead of adding much weight to the waist.

Wear a hat:
If you’re a heavyset and a short man, wearing a hat adds a vertical shape that spreads out the weight.

Wear dress shirt with spread collars:
A broad collar suits your broad face. In addition, the larger spread between the collars allows you to tie a large necktie knot, making your face look proportional

 

Groom your facial hair:

Add structure to your soft facial features with a trimmed beard around the jawline and chin. Well-groomed facial hair is always going to look more stylish than a wild, untamed beard. If you want people to take you seriously, then tame that beard and maintain that facial hair. Not a fan of beards? You can opt for a clean shave, that will sharpen your chin making you look serious and soft-hearted at the same time.

 

5 style secrets for plus size men

See, isn’t it easy to look stylish even if you’re plus size? According to us, size doesn’t matter at all. What matters is the effort that you’re putting in to look stylish. Dressing well as a large man isn’t all that different from dressing well with any other body type. More than anything, it relies on the honesty about your figure, and the patience to get clothes, which actually fit. If you’re willing to pick the styles that flatter your body type and get them adjusted to fit properly, you’ll look neat, stylish, and well-built no matter what you weigh.
