Printed shirts are integral to wear in every season. Whether it is summer, rainy, or winter it is comfortable yet stylish. It goes well with any kind of occasion. You can carry printed shirts with both formal and casual attires. “Let the print take center stage” as there are printed shirts for every occasion. The key is to find what fits your style and your wardrobe. If you’re looking for something to spice up your outfit, then printed shirts are the best options to go with. The great thing about a printed shirt is, it can transform your look from mediocre to interesting. It also allows you to have fun with colors, patterns and break up your neutrals. Talk of prints and the only things that come to your mind are colors, flowers, and different patterns. It wouldn’t be wrong to say that a person wearing prints can imply that he is more open to life. Printed shirts will look stylish and trendy but, you should also be careful about the combinations. It is not easy to slay in a printed shirt. To save you from fashion hiccups, we are here to help you out. Just follow the tips mentioned below and there you are, looking extremely stylish in a printed shirt!5 Tips to wear printed shirts to look classy

 

Printed shirt + Shorts:

Since it’s summertime, the most casual way of wearing a printed shirt is with shorts. You can either go with sneakers or formal footwear. If you want to get an edgy and cool look, cracking this combo has everything to do with fit as well as print. Pairing your printed shirt with shorts is the perfect outfit for the beach. If you are a minimal guy who still wants something, a bit interesting this combination is a great shout.

Pair a white printed shirt with black shorts, white sneakers, and wear sunglasses to get an edgy and cool look.
Consider pairing a red printed shirt with white shorts, a brown leather belt, sunglasses, and white sneakers to ace your killer casual look.5 Tips to wear printed shirts to look classy
 

Printed shirt + Denim Jeans:

Denim has always been on-trend. Pairing your printed shirt with denim jeans can never go wrong unless you are careful about the prints and cuts. Here the cut and color of your jeans can make or break your outfit. Always be cautious while trying prints.

Try pairing an olive-green printed green with black denim jeans. Tuck in your shirt and don’t forget to wear a black leather belt. You can wear either formal or casual shoes.
Pair a black printed shirt with blue denim jeans and white sneakers. You can untuck your shirt and get a preppy casual look.
 

Printed shirt + Chinos:

You can try this look even while going to work. But, remember to tuck in your shirt for a formal look. Formal pants look nicer when paired with a printed shirt which makes it acceptable for them to wear them at work.

Pair a light blue printed shirt with black chinos and black or brown loafers for a semi-formal look.
Consider pairing an ash grey printed shirt with black chinos, a brown leather belt, a steel watch, and brown loafers to get a formal finish look.5 Tips to wear printed shirts to look classy
 

Printed shirt + Blazer:

The key to getting the printed shirt and suit combo is about balance. A printed shirt under a suit can bring in a touch of modernity and individuality. Keep prints interesting and detailed, bigger prints might get lost under the suit can spoil the jacket. Always make sure to wear smaller prints.

Pair a pink printed shirt with a blue blazer and formal pants. Add black formal shoes to spice up your formal look.
Consider pairing a white printed shirt with a black blazer, black formal trousers, and black formal shoes to look hot and incredibly handsome.
 

Printed shirt + knit:

Even under a knit, pulling one-off might be tricky. Use different types of knitwear to adjust how much is on the show. 

Try wearing a white knitted printed shirt with black khaki or chinos pants. Complete this look by wearing black or white sneakers.
Pair an ash grey knitted shirt with black khaki or chinos. Remember to tuck in your shirt and wear a black or brown leather belt for a formal look.5 Tips to wear printed shirts to look classy
 

 

After reading this blog, I hope you have found answers to all your questions and ideas to slay in a printed shirt. If you are new to prints, you can start with smaller prints and when are confident try larger ones. The main advantage of wearing a printed shirt is that they are suitable for all body types and shapes. Don’t expect to look dashing in the printed shirt for the first time itself, it will take time to adjust your look with a printed shirt as it is new to you. We would suggest you just keep trying the printed shirts and follow the tips mentioned above.

