Work-life balance is necessary not only while working from home but also while working at a traditional office. It has been a serious topic to be discussed. In this pandemic, our home has become our office. Achieving a work-life balance while working from home can be challenging. It takes careful thought and planning. It involves a mixture of time management, commitment, and (most importantly) prioritization. “Never get so busy making a life that you forget to make a life”. Work is like a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls are - family, health, friends, and integrity are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered. If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them and half as much as money. Many of us might have worked even after the working hours ended, due to that we might feel more productive working from home than at the office. But, working more also means more stress and spending less time with family. Have you ever heard someone wishing “I could have spent more time in office” in his death bed? No right? We assure you that you will find answers to your questions. Stay tuned until then.5 Tips for Work-Life balance while WFH

 

Have separate areas for work and play:

It is recommended to have a separate workspace to help you stay focused while working from home, but this is as important as switching off when the workday is over. Having separate areas for work and play also makes it easier to mentally move from work mode to home mode. 

Even if you live in a one-room apartment, you can still create dedicated areas for different activities.
Always make sure to assign your work activities properly.
 

Plan your after work-time:

When everyone is locked in and there isn’t much life outside the home, it’s difficult to break yourself away from work. You have to leave your desk at a specific time to spend time with your loved ones. To not get stuck at work for longer than needed, it is important to plan your after-work activities. By making plans you will have a specific reason to leave work on time.

You can cook dinner with your wife or mom to enjoy quality time together.
If you’re living alone you can schedule a video call with your friend or family. We tend to work more if we live alone this automatically affects us mentally.5 Tips for Work-Life balance while WFH
 

Eat with your family:

Almost all of us might have heard this popular saying, “A family that eats and cooks together stays together”. Eating time should never be compromised. Research says people who eat together have a stronger bonding within their family than those who don’t. Make sure that the chat doesn’t have to be heavy.

Ask them about their day and don’t forget to mention yours. This will assure your family members that you are always there to listen to them.
Share the interesting activities you have done. Every evening can be different, but that sit down during dinner can become one of the most enjoyable parts of your family routine.
 

Do something together:

It doesn’t have to be anything special or take very long. Your family or kids will love being around will enjoy just being around you for a short time each day. Make sure that this little time you shouldn’t lose your cool and try to be funny as possible.

Play any game with your kids. This will help you to mould their character, as a kid learns most of the things from their parents. Try not to scream at them. As long as you’re relaxed and listen to your chat this will make them happy.
If you’re single watch any funny shows with your family or just sit with them and spend your precious time. 
 

Reset expectations:

You may feel overwhelmed thinking about all the things you need to manage and accomplish between work and family. But, remember that you aren’t just working from home now, you’re also working for home. Set realistic and compassionate expectations for yourself, your coworkers, and your family.

Communicate honestly with your team members or manager what you’re able to do and when.
Clear boundaries and realistic expectations can help you avoid pushing yourself to the point of burning out.
  

Working from home and managing your work life and personal life is stressful. Be gentle with you and your team. We understand that is not always easy to do but the smallest changes can make the world of difference. Spending time with your children can help your family relationships become stronger and develop tighter bonds. “You can’t have everything you want, but you can have the things that really matter to you”. Use these tips and stay grounded.
