Experiment with a lot of styles and figure out new styles to rock in clubs or parties. Fill your wardrobe with not only trendy items but also solid colors as solid-colored t-shirts will never be out of trend. Before you start shelling out your hard-earned money in the t-shirt which grabs your attention, make sure that the fabric, fit, and neckline are right for you. T-shirts are available in different kinds, but you cannot get everything which is available in the market. So, we have picked some t-shirts which are in trend and most comfortable for you. Let’s tune in to find out the items which you shouldn’t miss having it in your wardrobe.

 

Half-sleeve t-shirt:

Every one of us has this kind of t-shirt in the wardrobe. When this t-shirt came into the market it was a huge hit in the fashion industry. It became popular in no time and it was loved by everyone. You can layer it with anything like bomber jackets, hoodies, blazers, shirts, etc... They look great when paired with chinos, denim, khaki, and even shorts. You can find it in various colors and patterns. You can wear these types of t-shirts to college, hanging out, or when running an errand.

 

Long sleeve t-shirt:

Have you ever wondered how the long sleeve t-shirt came to be such an iconic identity in fashion? Because of its nature which keeps the body warm through its full sleeve design. The full sleeve T-shirts are widely used in the winter season & some brands give extra protection to hands with their unique designs by expanding the cloth design up to hands. This kind of t-shirt is not found in everyone’s closet. You should consider having this beautiful piece in your wardrobe. It works well when dressed up or down.

 

Polo collar t-shirt:

Polo collars were the pioneer in using down buttons in the T-shirts category during the 19th century. The interesting fact is that it originated in India which was witnessed by British soldiers & it seemed attractive, this is how the polo collar was introduced. These were majorly used amongst horse rides for the fit & look. As you can all witness the majority of brands use horse riders playing polo as logos. Polo t-shirts are a step up from regular t-shirts. Women find men attractive in polo t-shirts as you’ll seem more mature in them than regular t-shirts. So, wear a nice fitting polo t-shirt and spread your charm among the ladies.

 

V-neck t-shirts:

V-neck t-shirts are one of the sexiest items, a man could possibly have. As fashion is concerned V-necks have been impressed with the designs, this was considered a modern-day fashion look in the mid-19th century. It originated in Los Angeles. When this fashion was circulating widely even women started wearing V-necks. It was suiting women perfectly because the majority of the women are short which looks appealing for the average height & short people. And this design is not at all suitable for people who are tall due to over-revealing their tall personalities.

 

Pocket t-shirts:

Shirt Pockets were invented mainly for business people, Entrepreneurs & people going to small parties because one would keep Visiting cards or Phone numbers in the pocket during those early days. As the usage of pockets getting popular, the T-shirts were also in a race to compete amongst others. As a result, it was useful for people who wear T-shirts for college to keep their small notes. Nowadays we see rare Pocket T-shirts but it is also one of the best designs you cannot miss out on. Small detailing in your outfit can spice up the outfit just like adding extra spices to your food does.

 

 

Does your wardrobe has all the items mentioned above? If not, what are you waiting for? Add all the t-shirts mentioned above to your wardrobe and be a king of style! “Dress like being a styling inspiration for others”. Fashion sense is very important to create a good impression on others. “Dress to impress and express”. Your outfit can speak a lot before you start speaking. So, make sure to present a good opinion on you. Check out our latest t-shirt collections on smashmart.in and you’ll instantly know what you were looking for. 

