Overall, the year 2020 was a year marked by life’s disappointments for us. Some overcame it, and some were let down by it. Since disappointments can even be a causing factor for depression, we should never neglect our mental health. We all encounter disappointment in our lives, some way or the other, whether it’s coping up with not getting promotion, or not getting desired partner, or work project didn’t go way the you’ve planned, or feelings of regret in our personal lives. Anything can disappoint us. So, we have to learn to deal with the disappointments and overcome the feelings to bring positivity in life. This article is all about what you need to overcome the disappointment. Hope you have a peaceful reading.

 

Ways to deal with the Disappointment:

- Deal with the Disappointment hack #1 -  Accept your feelings:

Disappointment always hurts. It’s okay not to be okay. Don’t try to push your feelings away. Running away from the problem can never help you find a solution. The harder you push your feelings, the more you will suffer pain. Learn to face the disappointment and deal with it. Communicate with yourself about the pain you are undergoing.

You have to give yourself time to understand, about what’s happening or has happened. Whether it’s a breakup or losing your job, or falling out with friends, or whatever disappoints you. No one can guide you better than yourself. Label your feelings, because labelling your feelings can help us slowly start to process them and distance ourselves from them.

 

6 Hacks to deal with Disappointment
- Deal with the Disappointment hack #2 - Remember, you’re not a disappointment:

Just because you have made a mistake and disappointed someone else, doesn’t mean you are a disappointment or a failure. Always remember that the circumstances, you are in will not last long. Just take action on what can be improved to correct that mistake, than thinking yourself as a failure. Motivate yourself daily and think positive always.

 

6 Hacks to deal with Disappointment
- Deal with the Disappointment hack #3 – Learn from the disappointments:

Every disappointment teaches us a lesson. Instead of getting lost in the pain and negative emotions, overcome it by learning, what you can learn valuable things from, because this is something that will help you grow.

As the lesson you learn from the disappointment can help you react better, if you land in the same circumstances again. When you know your mistake, you’ll also know how to figure it out. you should give yourself time to understand the things clearly.

 

- Deal with the Disappointment hack #4 – Disappointment is normal when you step out of your comfort zone (Remember):

Have you seen anyone who is never disappointed or never feel low? If yes, then this is because they haven’t stepped out of their comfort zone. The person who is successful, have definitely faced a lot of disappointments, because they have stepped out of their comfort zone to achieve something big.

Setbacks and feeling disappointed sometimes is a sign that you are living your life completely. Just remember this and that will help you to be strong.

 

- Deal with the Disappointment hack #5 – If your expectations is of perfection, then adjust them:

No one is perfect and demanding perfection from them will always disappoint you. So, you should know to adjust your expectations a bit. Don’t expect perfection, if 10/10 doesn’t work, try to be happy with 8/10. Whether expecting perfection from you or others will often disappoint you.

If you are disappointed about what you did, then ask yourself a question “WILL IT MATTER AFTER 5 YEARS OR 5 WEEKS?” ask this question and you’ll find all the answers for your disappointment.

 

6 Hacks to deal with Disappointment
- Deal with the Disappointment hack #6 – Take a break from your hectic schedule:

Always focusing on goals and working all the time, can cause a lot of stress and disappoint you if something doesn’t happen according to your plan. So steal some time for yourself. Do something which you enjoy, it might be dancing, or any sports you like to play, do anything which gives you happiness.

When you take a break from what you are doing, you will concentrate more once you come back from your break, as it will keep your brain active and your heart happy.

 

6 Hacks to deal with Disappointment
 

 

Disappointment is a complex emotion that stems from sadness. It’s what we feel when the expectations for our desired outcome are dashed. We all instantly recognize the feeling of being let down by yourself, or through others. Disappointment, like many other emotions has evolutionary roots. In other words, we need this emotion to survive and grow. We also get disappointed when we start expecting much from others. It is true that we cannot survive without expecting from others, but you surely can lower your expectations.  Try the tips mentioned above and overcome your disappointment. Stay strong!

