Few key pieces can make your wardrobe a classy one. These pieces will make you look better than other guys in the room. While you're reworking on the entire closet, we would suggest you have these pieces in your closet (In case if you've missed it). Mix and match these wardrobe essentials to your heart's content. Having a few versatile items that will make you look dressy and elegant can make your life easy. Having these wardrobe essentials will even cost you less and these pieces are timeless and we know most of you hate shopping. So, this article is just made for you. Well, it helps your job too. dressing snappy at the office or in the job interview can make your career moving. What else excuses have been left to not get these amazing classic pieces in your wardrobe. Check out the classic pieces below and look dressed up always.

Wardrobe essentials #1 – Slim-fit shirt:
A crisp Slim-fit shirt is one of the classic pieces which you should consider having in your wardrobe. Always keep them slick and never underestimate their worth. A slim-fit shirt seems to be the best option whether you dress it up or down, you'll definitely nail this look. you can combine this with jeans, chinos, or a suit.
9 wardrobe essentials every man should own

Wardrobe essentials #2 – White leather sneakers:
Sneakers are the best way to pull off the biggest trick to effortless cool. keep them clean and wear them with almost everything, From your jeans to chinos. Whether you're on the first date or hanging out with friends, the shoes which you wear can significantly affect how other people view you. So, do consider having this in your wardrobe.

Wardrobe essentials #3 – Blue slim-cut chinos:
Probably the only trouser you'd ever need, the blue chinos are the best alternative to your jeans or usual suit trousers. This can rock any kind of outfit. Whether it is formal, smart-casual, or casual. You can kill any kind of outfit with this single piece. You can wear it with a t-shirt, shirt, bomber jacket, etc… it will do justice with everything. Consider having this classic piece in your wardrobe.

Wardrobe essentials #4 – Polo t-shirt:
A polo t-shirt is always considered to be one of the classic pieces. A plain polo t-shirt is your savior. It goes well with everything you wear. Dressed up or down, it will look amazing in every kind of outfit. Wear them over your blazers, or just a simple polo t-shirt with jeans or chinos. Just be cautious with the fit.

Wardrobe essentials #5 – Black t-shirt:
A black t-shirt is the most important classic piece in the wardrobe. You can mix and match with anything you have in your wardrobe. Whether you layer it with a shirt, or bomber jacket, no worries! You can totally get the outfit right. Just make sure to mix and match with the right item in the wardrobe.

Wardrobe essentials #6 – A Nice Watch:
Like shoes, your watch can define what others think of you. Nothing is more worse than wearing a black plastic sports watch with a nice outfit. A simple stainless steel analog watch will go pretty much with anything.

Wardrobe essentials #7 – Dark slim Jeans:
A neat pair of slim cut is a versatile wardrobe essential. Every modern man should own a pair in neat and dark shades of indigo or blues. Dark denim has the power of giving a strong sense of your personality when you pair it with serious wardrobe numbers like a cardigan or blazer. You can wear a dress shirt above it and a blazer and you're all set to look dapper in a smart-casual outfit. Never underestimate the power of dark jeans.

Wardrobe essentials #8 – Khakis:
A nice pair of khakis can do pretty much in your dress code. It is comfortable and stylish as well. These types of trousers work well in casual and formal as well. You have to just match a nice shirt or t-shirt to make it happening. A blue dress shirt, khakis can be formal enough for a job interview and to crack them well.

Wardrobe essentials #9 – Black leather shoes:
Whether you're on the job or on the first date, the shoes you wear can be an ultimate turn-on or a turn-off for a lot of women out there, because shoes are the source of first impressions. A black leather shoe is a must to have an item in your wardrobe.


We are gifted with a lot of choices available in the market. It seems daunting for most of us to choose the right one for us. It is as difficult as choosing the right life partner (Not impossible though). Choices will always be there, but then we need to cut some slacks and go for the choices that are going to remain forever and be with you even in the tougher times. Imagine what they'll do in good times. The outfits mentioned above can work wonders if styled in the right way. Always make sure to nail the fit of the outfit. Try the outfits mentioned above and thanks me later!

So, get amazing outfit ideas at https://smashmart.in/
