The most important thing to think about when it comes to a graphic t-shirt is to “Nail the fit”. It does not look good when it looks sloppy over the shoulder. Make sure it’s not too big or too long. You want something that is a little contoured to your body. Grab a graphic tee that is either saying something amazing or has a cool picture. Most probably, we all have at least one pair of graphic tees in our wardrobe. If not, then what are you waiting for? Hurry up! Get graphic t-shirts and level up your casual style game to the next level. Reasons for having a graphic t-shirt in your wardrobe are:

They are versatile
They are comfortable
They look cool
They come in all colors and all price points
Amazing ideas to rock your graphic t-shirt

Shirt on a graphic T-shirt:

You can choose your all-time favorite printed t-shirts and team them with a shirt on top. This look actually looks great on skinny people. As the layering creates volume. This will make your arms and waist look bigger than they actually are. Now, you can pull off any kind of graphic t-shirts without having to worry about looking thin.

Pair a black graphic tee with a red checked shirt, black trousers and finish this look by wearing white sneakers.
Consider pairing a white printed t-shirt with a black shirt, black trousers and complete this look by wearing black sneakers.
 

Blazer on a graphic T-shirt:

All graphic t-shirts will look great with a blazer, and that’s a guarantee. When you are trying to look semi-formal, maybe lunch with a colleague or your first dinner date. It is safe to pair your graphic t-shirts with your blazer. This look has been supported by various Bollywood celebrities like Ranbir Kapoor, Siddharth Malhotra, etc. 

Try wearing a white printed t-shirt with a blue blazer, blue denim jeans, and white sneakers to ace your look.
Consider pairing a grey graphic t-shirt with a black blazer, blue denim jeans, and get a killer look by wearing black boots.
 

Jacket on a graphic T-shirt:

A solid black or white base color makes your tee easy to layer with any other items in your wardrobe. Layering your graphic t-shirt with a jacket can give you both a formal and casual look. Another benefit is that you can layer it with a collared shirt too. It is very easy to layer your graphic t-shirt with a jacket.

Pair a white graphic t-shirt with a black jacket, black denim jeans, and white sneakers.
Consider pairing a black graphic t-shirt with a red jacket, blue denim jeans, and black boots.
 

Jeans on Graphic T-shirt:

Jeans have always been on-trend and have been ruling the fashion industry for many decades. The T-shirt goes well with jeans and gives an edgy and cool look. Always make sure that any kind of t-shirt you wear, should be well fitted.

Pair a red graphic t-shirt with blue denim jeans and white sneakers.
Consider pairing a black graphic t-shirt with black or blue denim jeans and sneakers.Amazing ideas to rock your graphic t-shirt
 

Shorts on Graphic T-shirt:

By styling your graphic tees in this combination, you are bringing something a bit artistic to your style. Every stuff gets its right time and when it comes to wearing shorts, summer and spring is the right time to choose this wear. With a graphic t-shirt, we can go with shorts which look cool and gives a decent look to your character.

Pair a black Graphic t-shirt with blue denim shorts and white sneakers to give you a complete casual and edgy look.
Consider pairing a white graphic t-shirt with black shorts and black sneakers to give you a killer look.
 

Amazing ideas to rock your graphic t-shirt

So, now you have changed your stance on graphic t-shirts and now you know how to wear them? 

Nail the fit- your graphic t-shirt should be lightly contoured to the body. Not too long nor too wide.
Choose wisely- go for a meaningful or a great-looking graphic on plain black or white.
Style graphic tees with layers- you can even pair your tee with a suit.
Get the right footwear- something casual, ideally minimalist sneakers that match the base color of the tee.
Accessorize- pick up the color from the graphic in your belt or watch strap or go for a cool hat.
 

We hope these tips will help you to choose the right graphic t-shirt and the ways to style it. Now, you aren’t left with any excuses to not try the graphic t-shirts. Rock the graphic t-shirts and look stylish without much effort.
