It’s high time Gentlemen, to focus on your clothing style and take a step towards a stylish and popular life. The clothing hacks mentioned in this blog will help you get noticed by everyone and it will be hard for others to ignore your presence. Using subtle hacks, people will not consciously notice that you are doing anything different. They will just notice you look more powerful, competent, and attractive than others. Dressing well isn’t all about dropping your hard-earned money on expensive clothes and having a tailor measure each and every inch of your body to get the perfect fit. Those things help for sure, but there are also other things which you should know to look sharpest at all times. Stick till the end to find out the best hacks of clothing for men.

 

Clothing hacks for Men #1 - Roll your Shirt Sleeves like Marine:

It’s always the little things that let an outfit down. Shirt sleeves rolled messily are a prime culprit. They will not only make it look like you are about to go for a battle, but they will also fail to hold their shape and repeatedly fall back to their forearms. For a net roll, deploy the marine’s approach.

Start with your sleeves fully extended and cuffs unbuttoned.
Bend the sleeve at the cuff, curl it upward, and over itself until it’s inside out.
Straighten both the bottom and top of the rolled cuff, ensuring there are no creases.
Repeat the process as necessary, gradually folding up to the desired height on your arm. 
Best Clothing hacks for men you should definitely know
Clothing hacks for Men #2 - Don’t go overboard with colors:

You can take the example of adding salt to a dish. A dish tastes boring with no salt and tastes terrible when overpowered with salt. You add a bit of it to pull out the flavor of the dish, not to overpower it. It is the same with your outfit too. Use neutrals (including the more muted shades of blue) as a main dish, and then add bold pops of color as an accent.

Best Clothing hacks for men you should definitely know
Clothing hacks for Men #3 – Use Accessories to up your Style Game:

The right accessory can level up your outfit. A nice watch can complete a simple outfit. A sports jacket without a pocket square looks naked, so does a French cuff shirt without cuff lines. If you like something don’t be afraid to bring it into your style.

 

Clothing hacks for Men #4 – Match your Socks like a Pro:

This clothing hack is small (and mostly out of sight), as they may be, a flash of novelty socks from under even the best-fitting suit trousers can instantly undo any and all of your sartorial efforts. As a general rule, you should aim to match the color of your socks to the color of your trousers (a shade darker or lighter also works).

 

Clothing hacks for Men #5 – Swerve Shirt Strain:

Sit down in the changing room every time you try a shirt on. A button-up that fits just fine when standing can have you looking like overstuffed sausage skin once you’re parked. To avoid surprise button-pop, make sure your shirt can comfortably handle sitting down, even if that means going crossed-legged on the floor. You’ll thank us later.

Best Clothing hacks for men you should definitely know
Clothing hacks for Men #6 – Polish your Shoes immediately after wearing them:

By cleaning and shining your shoes after wearing them, you address any dirt or scuffs well before they could be a problem. “Eyes are the windows to your soul, and shoes are the windows to your style”. So, you need to keep the shoe polished. Here are the basic steps:

ALWAYS remove the laces before shining. You don’t want the polish getting on them.
Use a dry brush or rag to clean off any dirt before polishing.
Apply a leather conditioner to the shoe before moisturizing.
Choose a polish that is the same as your shoe color. If unsure, then opt for clear polish.
 

Gentleman, these hacks aren’t difficult for you to follow daily. Don’t procrastinate these things, these are important to look more sharper and smarter. Combine several of these together and your style game will instantly improve. Focus on the styling hacks and look killer every day. You can get amazing outfit ideas at smashmart.in
