First, it was considered to be worn only in the tennis ground or while playing polo, but now the need of wearing a polo t-shirt has been changed completely. Now, the guys are wearing polo t-shirt whenever they want to look smart or taken seriously. A research says that around 89.9% of women find men attractive in a polo t-shirt. This is because it will make you look mature and it’s obvious to know that women like mature guys. So, it will make your work easier to impress the chic out there.  Selecting a right polo t-shirt may sound little daunting, but we will help you out to choose a nice t-shirt for you. Which will not only fit you well, but also will help you to find the t-shirt which will complement your skin tone. There are a lot of things to consider while considering to wear a polo t-shirt. Let’s make your work easier by finding the tips mentioned below

 

Look for the Proper Length and Cut:

Find the proper length of the t-shirt which sits in your body well, and compliments your body shape. If you have shed out a lot of sweat in the gym and want to show off your well-built body, then pick one which sits well on your body with its sleeves just 1-2cm wider than the perimeter of your biceps. However, those with thinner physiques can opt for loose fit ones.

While going casually, you can opt for the polo t-shirt where the length does not come below the back pockets of your trousers.

 

Consider these things while choosing a polo t-shirt
Go for the right fit and size:

Polo t-shirts will work well on your body, only when you choose right fit. As we always say “FIT is the KEY to every outfit to look amazing”. Polo t-shirts can make you look amazing as well as sloppier. Everything depends on the fit you choose. Before investing any money on your polo t-shirt make sure it fits right on your body. Choosing the right fit is as important as choosing right bottoms to go with your polo t-shirt. So, go for the right fit and rock your outfit.

 

Consider these things while choosing a polo t-shirt
The Fabric:

Fashion doesn’t only focus on the items that looks good, but focusses on the items that is comfortable as well. The best fabric to go with polo t-shirt is Cotton/poly blends. This material is wrinkle resistant and is unlikely to shrink after a wash. There are also polo t-shirts that are completely made of polyester. These kind of polo t-shirts have moisture-wicking properties that make them great in sweaty situations. Go for the right fabric to keep you super-comfortable always.

 

Consider these things while choosing a polo t-shirt
Choose the Right Brand:

There are a lot of benefits if you go with the right brand. People will appreciate your t-shirt more if you go with the well-recognized brand. Buying from a well-built brand will also give you the quality assurance. It will also save you from embarrassing yourself from wearing the polo t-shirt which has the embroidery logo of low-quality product. Get a polo t-shirt which gives you high-quality assurance just as classic polo. Classic Polo is a brand and is well known for making the finest polo t-shirts in all over India.

 

Choose the Right Color:

Go for the Solid color polo t-shirts. As that looks formal and also you can style it to any formal events with a blazer and will look incredible too. In other words, singular color from top to bottom will also help you to go with the right bottoms, without confusing you much. Avoid unnecessary color combinations while crashing at any formal events. Choose the color which complements your skin tone and that will play the trick well.

 

Consider these things while choosing a polo t-shirt
The Design:

The design of the polo t-shirt plays a vital role same as the fabric of the polo t-shirt does. The best and the most conventional way considered is to have an embroidery brand design on the left chest area. This design is preferred by most of the guys because it gives a polished and neat look. The complete look of the t-shirt depends on the design. Choose a simple design to look classy.

 

 

Today polo t-shirts are used both on and off the field. It looks great in the golf court, board room, and even at parties. A Classic Polo t-shirt is a classic timeless piece that you can always turn to when you are in doubt what to wear. It has become a wardrobe ensemble for many in today’s date. In this article you might have found the things to be considered while buying a polo t-shirt. Do consider these things before buying any polo t-shirt. These considerations will help you look smart and awesome.
