 Simple patterns, stripes, and even the optional pocket add unique details and style. Styling a polo t-shirt is just up to you. Tucked, untucked, buttoned, unbuttoned - each option creates a different outfit. The most important is pairing. What you wear with your polo t-shirt determines the look you are going for, that is where we make mistakes. Don't worry at all! We are always here to help you out and save you from committing any fashion mismatches. The easiest thing which you have to do is read this article until the end.

Do think beyond Jeans:
Polos and jeans look amazing, but there are so many ways to style a polo t-shirt. Why limit yourself? If you are confused with what to wear with a polo t-shirt other than jeans? Then, you're in the right place. You can pair it with chinos, joggers, shorts, formal trousers, etc... the classiest casual way to pair a polo t-shirt is pairing it with chinos.


Ways to style it:

Pair a black polo t-shirt with navy blue chinos and flaunt your looks by wearing loafers.
You can consider pairing a white polo t-shirt with black joggers and complete this sporty look by wearing white sneakers.
Do's and Don'ts of wearing a polo t-shirt

Don't wear an undershirt:
An approximately fitted polo shirt is tight and sufficiently long enough to cover all the right places. we wear undershirts as it helps to soak sweat and furthermore give them additional solace. However, we have to abstain from wearing undershirts with polo as it slips from under the sleeve or crumple at the collar.


Do size them to your height:
Unless you have a penchant for wearing dresses, make sure the tail of the untucked polo shirt doesn't extend further than midway down your back. Not only, will it crumple and show when tucked in, but it will throw off your proportions if left untucked. Avoid tennis tails, if you plan to wear polo t-shirts untucked.

Do's and Don'ts of wearing a polo t-shirt

Don't pop up your collar:
The trend of popping up collars is over and it's not going to come back any sooner. Opt to use sunscreen for neck protection and you don't have to pop up in the first place. Popping your collar is kind of like wearing sunglasses at night. Leave it for the bar crowd and teenagers trying to look cool.


Do feel free to tuck or untuck, depending on the situation:
There is no rule whether you have to tuck or untuck your polo t-shirt. It simply depends on the outfit and the event. Tucking gives you a progressively formal look while untucking is increasingly casual. On the off chance that your shirt is longer than the back, it is certainly intended to be tucked. You can tuck your polo t-shirt when pairing it with formal trousers and leave it untucked when pairing with joggers or shorts.

Do's and Don'ts of wearing a polo t-shirt

Don't wear large logos:
Of late, there is a trend to wear Polos with large logos. This is a strict "don't" with regards to Polos. While having a little logo on the breast is unavoidable since it is a signature mark from the beginning. Yet, one has to abstain from wearing Polos with large oversized Polos.


Do button at least one of the buttons:
Having every one of the buttons undone looks flabby and untidy. One buttoned up is typically good. Whether you need to have all of them buttoned up is an individual's choice, however, one must ensure that all buttons are not undone.

Do's and Don'ts of wearing a polo t-shirt

We hope you'll keep these do's and don'ts while wearing a polo t-shirt. Always make sure to look into these things before heading out to help you look smart. Polo t-shirts are a kind of shirt that gives you that little extra bit of style compared to a plain t-shirt, while also freeing you from having to worry about things like ironing and undershirts. keep learning more about the outfit as "if life doesn't stop you teaching, then you should also never stop learning". Keep learning not only about fashion-related things, but learn various other things in which you are interested, as learning never exhausts the mind. Keep up the spirit of learning new things and try not to repeat your mistakes.

