5 days, 5 ways to wear a striped t-shirt

Striped t-shirts for men are versatile and are widely accepted across any dress code. They are easy to wear, so it is less surprising that it is one of the common outfit found in every men’s wardrobe. It brings extra flavor to your outfit style without letting you know. Stripes play well with other prints and patterns. You can wear it throughout the year with a bit of styling to suit every occasion and season. Stripe is a universal pattern as it suits almost all body types. Today, stripes are seen on almost every garment – from suits to socks, ties, shirts, and pocket squares. When the whole world is trying stripes, why are you hesitating to wear them? If you’re confused about the ways to style your striped t-shirt, you are on the right page. We hope you will find the easiest ways to style your striped t-shirts and the compliments will pour into you. Make this trend more versatile than you realize. If you’d like to give in to the trend, the casual t-shirt is the best place to start. Choose pieces with thin stripes with subtle colors. Use these guides to slay your striped t-shirt on every occasion.5 days, 5 ways to wear a striped t-shirt

 

Pair it with a denim jacket:

Pairing your striped t-shirt with a denim jacket is the coolest way to style your striped t-shirt. A striped t-shirt goes well in layers. This look is devious in its simplicity. You can’t go wrong with the darker colors on top and lighter colors on the bottom. Never tuck in your striped t-shirt. It doesn’t look good at all. The denim jacket goes well with t-shirts, especially striped ones.

Pair a blue denim jacket with a black and white striped t-shirt, denim jeans, and white sneakers to get a stylish casual look.
Consider pairing a black denim jacket with a red and black striped t-shirt, black denim jeans, and white sneakers.
 

Pair it with a suit:

Yes, you can wear a striped t-shirt with a suit. This is especially a great look in the summer. Striped t-shirts are the best way to balance workwear while keeping it chill and cozy. You can mix and match your extremely formal pieces with a striped t-shirt to give you an ultra-sophisticated look. Here are some ways in which you can wear a striped t-shirt even as workwear.

Pair a black blazer with a red and white striped t-shirt, formal trousers, and get a classy look by adding black formal shoes.
Consider pairing a blue blazer with light blue and white stripes, formal trousers, and finish this formal look by wearing black or brown loafers.
 

Layer it with another t-shirt:

We’ve all heard the term layering in fashion. You can wear a simple t-shirt over your long sleeve striped t-shirt. While trying this look make sure that you wear a long sleeve striped t-shirt and the color of the striped t-shirt should go well with the simple t-shirt (short sleeve)

Pair a crisp white t-shirt over a black and white striped one over blue denim jeans and casual shoes to get a cool and edgy look.
Pair a black t-shirt over a red and black striped one over blue denim jeans and casual sneaker to finish this ultra-smooth casual look
 

Pair it with chinos:

Pairing a striped t-shirt with chinos will give you a semi-formal look. This look is best for the occasion when you don’t have to go formal either casual as well. You can try this look to make heads turning at you.

Pair a white and black striped t-shirt on blue chinos with a brown leather belt, steel watch, brown loafers.
Try pairing a blue and white striped t-shirt with black chinos with a brown or black leather belt and loafers.
 

Pair it with denim jeans:

Denim is always on-trend. Nothing can go wrong while trying this outfit. A striped t-shirt goes well with denim jeans. Denim is the king! We would suggest you to try this look. When pairing it with jeans, always make sure to wear an apt shoe for it. Shoes can make or break the outfit

Pair any colored striped t-shirt with blue denim jeans and white sneakers.
Try partnering it with black denim jeans and a casual shoe.5 days, 5 ways to wear a striped t-shirt
The whole point of wearing a striped t-shirt is to stay comfortable and look stylish. It is a wardrobe staple, but that doesn’t mean that you should grab and wear them without giving any thought. Whenever you are trying something new, go with the lighter ones to avoid you from making fashion blunders. It is completely fine to make mistakes, especially while trying something new. If you don’t make any mistake you can never learn something new from it. “A man who has never done any mistake has never learned anything new”. Use this guide and let the compliments pour into you.5 days, 5 ways to wear a striped t-shirt


