Wearing blue shirt in a right way is a trick which you have to play very well in order to look great in it. There are various garments which could spice up with the blue shirt. You can go with the monochrome look or choose to go with the non-monochrome look, it’s completely your call. A simple blue shirt is everything a man would want to look classy. Make sure the fit and the cut of the blue shirt is right. You should also be careful about the collar you choose for a blue shirt. Just like the sunglasses, and your haircut, the collar you choose should suit your face. Here are some ways to style a blue shirt which would help you out to look spectacular in it.

 

How to wear Blue shirt in a right way?
Fully suited with a blue shirt:

A navy blue suit with a sky blue shirt is one of the best options to go with the blue shirt. To spice up your office attire, you can go with a nice tie either in grey tie or navy blue tie. A fully buttoned shirt is an easy way to normalize the outfit. Embrace a formal trousers with the blue shirt.

Pair a light blue shirt with navy blue suit, black oxford shoes and black leather belt.
Consider pairing a light blue shirt with grey suit and brown oxford shoes, and brown leather belt.
 

Smart-casual look with a blue shirt:

A blazer, blue shirt, and denim jeans make the perfect combination for a date night. Keep your shirt tucked in and avoid wearing a tie. This look is a perfect definition for a smart-casual look. make sure the fit of the blazer is just fine and smooth as honey. Go for the darker color of blazers and jeans with the sky blue shirt.

Pair a light blue shirt with a navy blue blazer and blue slim-fit denim jeans.
Try partnering a light blue shirt with black blazer and black skinny denim jeans.
 

Preppy look with a blue shirt:

In recent years, the preppy look has leveled up the style game. Matching a blazer, chinos and a blue shirt is a perfect preppy look anyone would ask for. A blazer worn with chinos seems to be just perfect for any casual event you’re heading to.

Consider pairing a light blue shirt with black chinos and complete the outfit with white sneakers.
Pair a light blue shirt with navy blue blazer and chinos. Complement this outfit with a pair of loafers.
 

How to wear Blue shirt in a right way?
Cool look with a blue shirt:

If you’re a guy who wants to keep the minimalist look, then this look is just made for you. You can get an edgy and cool look by just throwing off a cool jacket over a nice blue shirt, would play the trick pretty well to impress the ladies out there. You can go with the black or chocolate brown leather jacket.

Pair a light blue shirt with black leather jacket and black denim jeans. Complement this outfit with Chelsea boots.
Try considering a light blue shirt with chocolate brown leather jacket with chinos and you’re all set to set the bar high.
 

Holiday-ready look with a blue shirt:

A blue shirt is not only for the work wear. If you’ve misunderstood only as office shirt rather than a casual holiday shirt, then you are not the only one. Many of us don’t consider wearing a blue dress shirt on a holiday, but you should start considering it.

Pair a light blue shirt with navy blue chino shorts and white sneakers.
Consider pairing a light blue shirt with white chino shorts and white sneakers.
 

You can start with a blue buttoned-up shirt, if you are confused which one to choose. Blue is the most guys go-to color, when someone wants to look good and stylish. You can style it without putting much effort. You can keep the look classic by just throwing off a denim jacket over blue shirt. Stop treating it as a 9 – 5 shirt and start experimenting a blue shirt with other wardrobe items as well. Change your dressing style to figure out the best styles. Change is required for the best. Not only in clothing, but also in life. Change is the only constant thing which you can have in your life. Try any of the outfits above and elevate your style game.

