Today, the trend has changed in a drastic manner in our day-to-day lives. Trends have affected teenagers to a greater extent. It has affected not only the things they do but also how they carry and conduct themselves. This includes the luggage they carry, the makeup they put on, clothes they wear, physique piercing, and hairstyles among other things. In some way, it also reflects your self-confidence. The modern youth follow fashion trends to get a feeling of identity and belonging out of it.

Today, Fashion awareness is increasing day by day, and everyone wants to look best. There is essentially no harm in looking good until you tend to become obsessed with fashion. Let’s look into things how is it affecting the lives of teenagers.

 

Positive Effects:

Fashion is an evolving art, and it has come a long way. For younger people, it is a sense of freedom and expression through Fashion and Style. Following your own fashion statement gives you a sensation of free-thinking, and you do become more of an independent thinker. In this aspect, the trends aid the Youth.

Another main thing which we can say is that with the changing trends, it helps the Youth connect with people of the same interests. Self-expression is always good, and if something aids in self-expression, it is healthier.

How do Fashion Trends Affect Teens?
Negative Effects:

Peer Pressure – Peer pressure affects the day-to-day decisions of the teenager in a significant manner in major issues like fashion and style. According to the research, the choice of dressing for teenagers varies with the kind of friends they have. It can be good or bad.

 

How do Fashion Trends Affect Teens?
Body Image – 
Body image is an issue that affects many teenage girls. Movies, Magazines, Media, have an impact on a girl’s physical appearance. For instance, when teenage girls see a slim model on a magazine cover, they will do whatever it takes to look that way. Thus, this results in several changes in a teenager’s fashion style as well as unhealthy approaches like poor eating habits.

 

Designer Brands – 
Most adolescents preoccupy themselves with social recognition and coolness that relate to the attire they put on. Thus, teenagers opt to show off themselves with popular brands. The majority will shop at stores that sell high-quality clothes.

However, these teens when do not have money to shop, are often stressed. Most of them believe that since they are unable to afford these clothes, they would not be up-to-date with the current style trends, they will not fit in.

How do Fashion Trends Affect Teens?
Media and Magazines – 
Teenagers and Youth use magazines and media to decide what the forthcoming trends are so that they will know exactly what to purchase and what not to. Fashion shows and magazines play a large role in influencing the Youth's lifestyle, and sense of style. Most of them purchase clothes after glancing through the magazines and looking through the ads on social media and Television. These things affect the choice of youngster's clothes.

 

Celebrities – 
Teens always idealize the celebrities they adore. They draw their fashion inspiration from them. When celeb dresses in the attire they love, they will go and search for the same outfit and show it off to their peers.

Moreover, teens watch various reality shows to keep up with the dressing style of their idols. They discover themselves through external stimuli. Celeb offers the extra basis for teens to benchmark their associations, thoughts, and opinions. And even though the celebrities do not try to persuade their fans to follow particular trends for teens, they change the ideologies of their audience in a subconscious manner.

 

Note to the Readers:

Teenagers are often conscious of their looks. Most of them are obsessed with the details that are not important. The majority of the teenagers dress in a manner to draw attention to themselves. They fear that they will lose friends if they do not dress in the appropriate manner and always have a fear of missing out. Hence, they do whatever it takes to get all the attention that comes with dressing in an inappropriate manner. 

However, most of them aren’t aware of the impact of teenage fashion in their lives. If you come across any teenager who is obsessed with fashion, guide them to the right part. It is good to be conscious about fashion, but until it does not become an obsession. “Too much for anything is good for nothing”. 
