Every one of us has t-shirts in our wardrobe, but only some of them have a pink t-shirt because this color is criminal, underrepresented in our wardrobe. “Wearing pink automatically tells people that you’re confident”. You might have seen a lot of celebrities and models wearing pink, and they look killer every time. It is because of the right shade they have chosen for their skin tone. There is another misconception of wearing pink is that it reduces the manliness of a man. Don’t the celebrities look manly? Embrace this fabulous color, with the easy tips given by us. Are you still doubtful? Chill! Here are the ways in which you can slay in a pink t-shirt.

 

The right pink for your skin tone:

The key to looking fabulous in pink is to ensure that you wear the right tone. Picking out the wrong shade can wash out your skin tone, and can work against your complexion. So, you should make sure that you wear the right shade which suits your complexion.

Pale skin – a stronger, deeper tone works the best.
Dark skin – pastel pink, compliments the skin tone.
Wheatish (Indian complexion) – light pink, works the best.
 How to slay in a pink t-shirt?

Combine it with a pair of jeans:

If you’re looking for a perfect outfit to go on a date or hang out with friends, then pairing a pink t-shirt with a pair of jeans seems to be the best option. Just opt for a piece of lightweight cotton fabric to keep you cool when the temperature is high. You can pair the t-shirt with normally slim-fit jeans or ripped jeans. It works well with both.

Pair a pink crew neck t-shirt with black skinny jeans, white sneakers, stainless steel watch, and you’re all set to look amazing and attractive.
Consider pairing a pink long sleeve t-shirt with black slim-fit jeans, dress boots, casual watch and that’s all you need to look spectacular!
 How to slay in a pink t-shirt?

Combine it with throwing off a bomber jacket:

Throwing off a bomber jacket over pink t-shirt levels up the style game. We would suggest you stick to the leather jacket either in black or chocolate brown. This two-color goes with everything you wear. Consider having at least one leather jacket in your closet. Research says that women find men attractive in a leather jacket. 

Try partnering a pink t-shirt with a black leather jacket, black skinny jeans, Chelsea boots, casual watch.
Consider pairing a pink round neck t-shirt with a black leather jacket, ripped jeans, dress boots.
 How to slay in a pink t-shirt?

Combine it with corduroys:

The classier way of combining a pink t-shirt is with corduroys. Pink goes well with formal wear too. Tucked or untucked is all your call. Go wild with the shades of pink and don’t chicken out to experiment with this outfit. This will look amazing when set right. Just make sure that the fit of the corduroys is right. Fit plays a vital role in order to look attractive. Always make sure you a wear belt while tucking it in.

Pair a pink collar t-shirt with grey corduroys, oxford shoes, and a dress watch for a perfect formal finish.
Try partnering a pink round neck t-shirt with black corduroys, dress boots, and a stainless steel watch. It’s an ideal outfit for your casual Fridays in the office.
 How to slay in a pink t-shirt?

Combine it with a blazer:

This is a perfect outfit for you if you are looking for a smart-casual look to look rocking at the office. You don’t have to always fuss over what to wear during casual Friday at the office. You can try this outfit and look amazing without putting up much effort. Pink always works to spread charm over ladies.

Consider pairing a pink collar t-shirt with an ash grey blazer and formal pants, dress watch, derby shoes.
Pair a pink V-neck t-shirt with a black blazer and formal pants, dress watch, derby shoes. Always make sure that your watch and belt are of the same color.
 

India is a country where wearing pink was considered feminine, due to which men used to avoid pink. Thankfully this is changing and men have started wearing pink and realized the style of wearing pink. The idea of a gendered color is an outdated social construct that should be shredded. No color holds more value to the identity than others, we should be free to express ourselves however we like. Pink is a bright fun, versatile color that comes in such a wide array of hues there’s sure to be a shade to suit everyone. Try out all the colors in pink and figure out what suits you. You’ll definitely look rocking in that as well.
