If you are one of those who like to keep their outfit simple and effortless, especially in the summertime. Linen shirts are totally made for you. The linen shirt is comfortable to wear even in the heat, it’s versatile, looks simple and elegant when styled well. What else do you want from a shirt? It is a go-to shirt with any outfit you like. You can team it with jeans, khaki, shorts, chinos, etc., you have plenty of choices in linen shirts like the collar style, colors, patterns. The most important thing to look attractive in a linen shirt is “FIT”. A button-up linen shirt should be breezy, but never baggy. Let’s get into the styles in which you can rock this amazing shirt.

How to look amazing in a Linen Shirt?

Linen shirt with Jeans:

Jeans go with almost everything and linen shirts are no different. This outfit is simple, stylish and you can rock this outfit anywhere like on a date, or night out with friends, just anywhere! You can layer it as you like, but be sure of the color contrast. Linen shirts look amazing when dressed up or down. An extra touch of style can be added by just rolling up the sleeves just below the elbow and throwing up on a casual shoe. 

Pair a light blue linen shirt with a black denim shirt, a nice watch, white sneakers and you’re all set to spell the magic.
Try partnering an olive green shirt with black slim-fit jeans, a nice hairstyle, and a watch. Go with the boots to this look.
How to look amazing in a Linen Shirt?
Linen shirt with Chinos:

When it comes to linen shirt styling with chinos, it is a truly stylish summer aesthetic, this is the look you’ll love to pull off. It’s very simple to throw together, insanely cool, and has the versatility of layering for extra style options. Every man should try this smart-casual outfit. The linen shirt with chinos can be worn with sleeves rolled up or down. It looks good in either way. The linen shirt doesn’t have to be layered single, you can wear a t-shirt underneath for the cooler summer nights.

Pair a navy blue linen shirt with cream chinos, a brown belt, a pair of aviators, brown laced shoes.
Consider pairing a white crew-neck t-shirt, grey linen shirt, chinos, and white laced-up casual shoe.
How to look amazing in a Linen Shirt?
Linen shirt with a jacket:

Linen shirts go with almost every type of jacket. You can try partnering with a denim jacket, bomber jackets, biker jackets, anything even including the blazers. It works well with almost everything. The only rule you’ve to follow here is, keep your shirts untucked for a cool casual look. you can rock with every kind of jacket, no excuses left! 

Try partnering a white linen shirt with a black bomber jacket, black denim jeans, boots.
Consider pairing a blue linen shirt with a blue denim jacket, denim jeans, casual shoes. 
 

Linen shirt with Trousers:

The more you want to look polished, you have to switch to the formal side more. As we said already linen shirts look amazing with almost everything, it looks fabulous with formal trousers too. even though linen is a casual shirt, you can team this with formal trousers and make your office look even more interesting. The general rule is to keep your sleeves down, but if it’s a casual workplace or the weather is hot there’s nothing wrong with rolling your sleeves up. Another rule you must abide by is shirt tuck.

Pair a light blue linen shirt with black formal trousers, a black belt, black oxford shoes, dress watch. That’s all you need to look hot in formal attire.
Try partnering a navy blue linen shirt, white formal trousers, brown belt, brown laced shoes, a nice watch and you’re ready to kill it! Just be confident about your look.
 

A linen shirt gives you a perfect look. You can never look over or under dressed. We hope this styling guide has given you some ideas on how to mix and match fine linen shirts at ease, dress them up or down on any occasion. Just remember there is no limitation. Be limitless! Make your imagination run as far as it could. Feel confident in whatever outfits you wear to enjoy the stylish look. So, stick to our website for more styling ideas on various outfits. Consider having at least three linen shirts of white, navy blue, light blue in your wardrobe.

