WHY BRIEFS ?

                                   Briefs are one of the most stretchable underwear you can find on the market. No other types of underwear provide the elasticity that briefs provide. Briefs have been a go to underwear choice among teenagers. Imagine you have to take a commute for everyday work, and you don't want to sweat in your private parts, that's where briefs come in handy. The reason briefs attract most of the youngsters is they can be used for multi-purpose, whether you are going to work, or you want to play cricket, or you want to travel, briefs tick every box for the ultimate man guide. The lifetime briefs have been outstanding when compared with the rest of the types of inner-wear. No other inner garments can make a fashion statement that briefs can. Who can forget the low hip fad that youngsters were going crazy for? When it comes to sports and athleisure activities briefs have been the first choice of players. Because an athlete needs to make sure he is 100% ready for the game he is going to conquer, briefs can give them confidence.

 

Know everything about Briefs
WHY FROM US ?

                                 For starters, our products are odourless. You can just give a rest to laundry with the odourless product of ours. We only use the handpicked best cotton for manufacturing, so you don't feel a bit of itch anywhere. With the best hand-picked cotton comes the best comfy feel you ever need. With the pack of 5 options of ours, you can have a multi-colour collection in a single package. Our fabric has been cut out from the rest, so you can feel every nick of comfort in it. With our high-quality elastic waistband, you dint get any stretch marks in and around your waist area. Our elastic waistbands are so small and comfy, you don't even feel you are wearing them. Our products are made in such a manner you can wear them whatever your external attire may, it goes well with jeans, it goes well with formal trousers, it goes well with suits, you name it we have it. Unlike other brands the contours of our briefs are transparent. You don't get any marks outside of your lower wear. The premium quality cotton absorbs the sweat as fast it can, so the brief remains sweat-free. This automatically eliminates the odour as I said in the first place. With the state of the art fashion designers, the textured lines of our product are made in such a sensitive manner. So, it won't have to do any harm to men's bodies. Our product comes in only one range and it is a premium one.

 

Know everything about Briefs
 

BRIEFS A ALL-SEASON WEAR:

                                               Briefs are the kind of garment you can wear for all-season whether be it rainy or summer, the comfiness that briefs give is the best part. Added with the extra athleisure uses, briefs have become the must-have in men's wardrobes. With the invention of briefs comes the invention of jockstraps (undergarments worn by cricket and baseball players). When we said briefs are all-season wear I meant in a way that our products are made from premium Supima cotton, which is known for softness and durability, with this our product transcends the boundaries and layers which were so typical before. And the most important thing about our products is the macho design that gives masculinity to alpha males. So, the conclusion is that briefs don't have a particular Season, they stay with you like your BFF [Best Friend Forever].

 

Know everything about Briefs
BOXERS VS BRIEFS VS BOXER BRIEFS :

                             As the name implies, each individual product delivers individual function. It depends upon the man to do decide what he has to choose. With boxers and boxer briefs, men's physic has become the ultimate part, while brief eliminates the physic thing. This is because you don't need a size zero fit to wear a brief. And our size ranges go from 70 CM to 105 CM. The closest thing that can come to briefs in the term of stretchability and elasticity is boxer briefs aka trunks.

 
