The polo t-shirt is a true men’s style staple. Even in terms of casual everyday wear, the cool, breathable polo t-shirt is as easy and comfortable as a tee. It is a casual-chic menswear essential that simply cannot be ignored! It is worn universally by men from all walks of life & style in urban chic ways. Polo neck has made its way into every menswear wardrobe today. Polo neck t-shirts are identified by typical collars that usually feature slightly rounder corner-tips and a placket with two or three buttons. It can be dressed up for casual and smart casual occasions. For the fit, make sure that the buttons don’t sit too low otherwise it can look like a V-neck t-shirt. Choose a polo t-shirt that suits you and don’t be afraid to try a bold color. The polo is an excellent clothing choice for those days where you don’t know what to wear. It’s easy to dress up and works in every season. Toying impeccably on the lines between casual and formal wear, there are many interesting and engaging ways to style a polo t-shirt. Read on for insights into how one can style these in 5 sleek and varied ways.

 

Polo t-shirt + blazer:

Polo t-shirts are the perfect way to balance workwear while keeping it chill and cozy. You can mix and match your extremely formal pieces with a classic polo t-shirt and give off an ultra-sophisticated look. Layer your classic polo t-shirt with a complementary blazer and look classy and smart. Here are some ways in which you can style your classic polo t-shirts even in workwear.

Pair a blue formal blazer with a white polo t-shirt and blue formal trousers. Just replace your undershirt with any kind of polo t-shirt.
Pair a black classic polo t-shirt with a grey blazer and formal trousers. Don’t forget to tuck your shirt and wear a brown leather belt.5 secrets to look dashing in a polo t-shirt
 

Polo t-shirt + sweatpants:

Sweatpants and a polo t-shirt are perfect combinations to give you a relaxed and cool look this summer. Make sure that your polo t-shirt fits you well to avoid looking sloppy. You can wear this combination while attending the meetings in working from home.

Consider pairing a maroon polo t-shirt with grey sweatpants and white sneakers.
Pair a white polo t-shirt with black sweatpants and black sneakers to ace your look.5 secrets to look dashing in a polo t-shirt
 

Polo t-shirt + shorts:

When the weather gets too hot to handle, this combination seems to be a perfect choice. When it's difficult to find clothes, which are both comfortable in the summer yet look stylish, in that case, this combination works better. Keep the polo untucked and ensure that it fits well.

Pair a navy-blue polo t-shirt with blue denim shorts and white sneakers. To glam up the outfit, you can wear sunglasses while hanging out. This will give you an edgy and cool look.
Pair a white polo t-shirt with light blue shorts and black sneakers.5 secrets to look dashing in a polo t-shirt
 

Polo t-shirt + chinos:

If you are confused between formal or casual outfits to wear. Chinos and polo t-shirts are exceptionally good choices as they lie between formal and casual outfits. You can complete your look with white sneakers, loafers, boat shoes, or derby shoes.

Pair a black polo t-shirt with cream chinos, a black leather belt, and black lace-up shoes.
Consider pairing a blue polo t-shirt with white chinos, a black leather belt, and white sneakers.5 secrets to look dashing in a polo t-shirt
 

Polo t-shirt + jacket:

This combination is being on-trend for the past year. It looks good on men. You can layer up the polo t-shirt with a jacket and get a stylish and elegant look. You can try this look and make the heads turning at you.

Wear a white polo t-shirt with a black jacket, black trousers, and white sneakers.
Layer a denim jacket with a red polo t-shirt, black jeans, and black boots.5 secrets to look dashing in a polo t-shirt
 

There are quite a few ways to wear a polo t-shirt for men and we hope you got some cool ideas that you can implement with your unique style, wardrobe requirements. A versatile and evergreen piece in menswear space, we’re sure there are even more ways to style this one. you can look good in any style if you work for it. Take care of your inner self it is as important as your outer appearance. Most of us are busy making our life that we forget to take care of our bodies. Most of us think that it is not at all necessary to take care of our inner body. But you can look good from the outside when you feel good and healthy from the inside. Just steal 1 hour from your daily busy routine, meditate and do yoga. You will see the miraculous change in your behavior and your outer body. As meditation calms your mind and yoga keeps your body fit and makes your skin glowing. Stay fit and look good.
