The practical advice which everyone needs is “the tips to look muscular” your muscles are one of the best accessories to show off a bit and it is also an essential part of the body. So, why not dress to maximize their look tastefully? Everyone is built with imperfections, you might wonder then, how do models look perfect? The simple answer is they hide their imperfections according to the dress they carry. It’s all about the choices you make. Certain clothes give the illusion of a better muscular physique. We are going to discuss those outfits in this article. Stay till the end to end all your confusion regarding the ways to look muscular.

 

Muscular style tip #1 – Nail the fit:

As we always say “Fit is all that matters”. Style can’t exist without the proper fit. You might have seen a lot of male celebrities who do not have athletic physiques, but their outfits make up for that by standing close to the body. It’s all because the FIT IS THE KING. Your goal should be to have the outfit drape cleanly over the body. We would suggest you avoid the clothing extremes of too tight (If you’re thin) and too baggy (if you are stout).

Style Tips to look muscular?

Muscular style tip #2 – Layer it to build up the chest and shoulders:

Are you one of those who don’t have a six-pack? Chill! Most of them don’t have it. You can look incredibly buff by accentuating the upper torso. The bulkier your chest and shoulders appear, the better. “The more the merrier” layering helps to give the illusion of broader muscles and shoulders. If you’re layering your outfit with a leather jacket or any bomber jacket, make sure that it is well-tailored to slim down your lower torso to build up your shoulders. If you’re crashing to some party that doesn’t have any strict dress code, then go for the well-tailored leather jacket or denim jacket.

Style Tips to look muscular?

Muscular style tip #3 – Go with the long sleeves

If your arms don’t look great when you flex them, don’t leave them exposed. Long sleeves will create an illusion of well-defined arms, thanks to the excess fabric. But, what if it’s too warm for the long sleeve, just roll it up. Even the folds, will make your arms look bigger and give a visual of a muscular physique. Women find it sexier than anything else. Short sleeves are the enemy of non-muscular men because they often emphasize how thin and flabby your arms are. 

Style Tips to look muscular?

Muscular style tip #4 – Use collars to cover the neck:

Collars are the easiest way to size up your neck. Bulkier ones can help to hide a double chin if you are on the stout side. There are a million options to cover up your neck like polo shirts, casual button-down shirts, turtlenecks, collared sweaters, etc… This will help you to look a bit muscular than usual. 

Style Tips to look muscular

Muscular style tip #3 – try different patterns and lines:

We would suggest you go for vertical stripes, as vertical stripes tend to make you look taller. Never go for the horizontal stripes, if you are stout, as it will make you look wider than you are. Opt for patterns that cross your frame, not ones that are up and down. If you are tall and skinny, then go for the shirt/jacket with distinct horizontal lines.

 

Muscular style tip #3 – wear white:

Like every color, you wear, depicts a lot of things. The black color makes you look slimmer similarly, white makes you look taller and bulkier. This is why it is always considered to be the best to wear a well-fitted white shirt in white. If you’re looking to beef up your frame wear white shirts and tees as much as you can. 

 

We hope you found this article useful to boost your clothing hacks. Having a good posture and confidence can also make you look muscular. It’s all about the package deal. Use these style tips, next time you’re going shopping and make fashion work in your favor. Remember to nail the fit always. One piece of item that is too large can throw off the whole look. If you have a bulk body, then try to opt for darker colors and lightweight fabrics. 
