
Shorts can be the unexpected star of your wardrobe if you know how to style them. While shorts have always been a staple for casual outings, the right pair can also work in dressier circumstances, like the office or even cocktail hour. If you’re a fan of shorts, then you are going to love this article for sure. You might have a lot of shorts in your wardrobe, but the only problem you might face is styling the same type of apparel because it gets tiresome to style the shorts in a unique way. There is always a moment for wearing shorts as it has become the daily outfit in the working from home season. Whether you’re pulling these old ones out from the closet or going shopping for some trendy ones, there are a million ways to wear them. Don’t wear shorts that are two sizes too big to call them “loose”. Fit is important no matter the cut you choose. You can wear a looser pair of shorts and still look tailored, as long as the fit is good. Sometimes it’s just nice to have a little help coming up with outfit ideas, no? so, before you start planning to wear shorts, check out the 5 ways to wear shorts below.

 

Pair it with a t-shirt:                                                                  

A T-shirt is the most common outfit available in every man’s wardrobe. Shorts and tee are the most common combinations we wear at home. But, we don’t think about what kind of t-shirts will suit the shorts or the color combinations. Let’s look at few easy styling tips to rock your tee with shorts

Pair a black round neck tee with grey shorts. You can wear this look even to go outside. As it appears to be cool and comfortable.
Pair a graphic tee with navy color shorts and you can add sneakers when stepping out.The complete guide to style men’s shorts
 

Pair it with a shirt:

You can try any color or pattern with shorts. As anything goes well with shorts. Shorts and a shirt are a great combination to hang out with friends or hitting the beach. Always make sure to wear a collared shirt with shorts. Collared short sleeve shirts are the best options for men who want to look good but stay cool and comfortable as well.

Pair a checked shirt with navy color shorts and loafers.
Pair a simple red shirt with cream color shorts and white sneakers to complete your casual look.The complete guide to style men’s shorts
 

Pair it with a bomber jacket:

This is a very fashion-forward pairing. Hitting a club or hanging out with friends, nothing can be better than this combination. You can wear a kind of tee that complements the color of your jacket. This combination is a treat to the eyes and most importantly convenient too.

Pair a red jacket, white tee, and black shorts. You can add wearing a sneaker for a dapper look.
Consider pairing cream shorts with a black jacket and a white tee. Wear white sneakers for a complete casual look.
 

Pair it with a blazer or coat:

This combination is popular in the southern country where people wear this kind of combination for business meetings and office in summer. This is considered a smart look. You can even wear this kind of combination at weddings.

Pair a blue blazer with a white shirt and black shorts. You can add a tie in contrast color if needed. Wear a loafer for a smarter look.
Consider pairing a blue coat with a white shirt and navy-blue pants, you can also wear white sneakers for a cool and edgy look.
 

Pair it with a denim jacket:

Denim is always in trend. You can rock your simple shorts look with a classy denim jacket. It always gives an edgy and stylish look. “When in doubt wear denim”. You can also wear a denim jacket on denim shorts. Denim on denim always rocks.

Pair a simple white tee with a blue denim jacket and black shorts. Add white sneakers to complement your look.
Consider pairing a black tee with a blue denim jacket and blue denim shorts. Wear a white sneaker or loafer.
 

Okay, you’ve seen a lot of ideas to look stylishly comfortable in shorts. Try using all the combinations given above and rock the shorts style. Ultimately, your shorts outfit is going to look as stylish as you decide you want it to be.
